README.md, before:

﻿<p align="center">
  <img src="https://tshock.co/newlogo.png" alt="TShock for Terraria"><br />
  <a href="https://github.com/TShock/TShock">
    Main Project
  </a>
</p>

This is the TShock plugin repository. It collects links to all plugins in the ecosystem, and whether or not they're updated, and what they do. The plugin download links here have been looked over by TShock team members and are probably okay to run. Even still, you should always be skeptical about downloading and running things from the Internet.

----

## List of all plugins! 🧪☕️⚡️

* [AdditionalPylons](https://github.com/Adventure-Terraria-Server-Project/AdditionalPylons-Plugin) by [Stealownz](https://github.com/Stealownz)
  * Allows placing additional (infinite) pylons more than default Terraria limits
  * Tested on TShock 4.5.2
  * [Download Version 1.0.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/2gsl9n.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Adventure-Terraria-Server-Project/AdditionalPylons)
* Buildmode by nyan-ko & Nova4334
  * Allows players to enter a permaday state without cave backgrounds, adds buffs & more!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 pre-15
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/lzbw31.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Nova4334/Buildmode)
* MapTP by Nova4334
  * Allows players to teleport to any location on the map, by simply double clicking said location!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 pre-15
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/8cdd3x.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Nova4334/MapTP)
* JourneyMixer
  * Allows journey mode characters to join a non journey mode world and now visa versa.
  * Tested on prerelease 15.
  * Source https://github.com/Rustly/JourneyMixer
  * Download https://files.catbox.moe/d9r1jr.dll
* InfiniteChestsV3 by Zaicon
  * Allows "infinite" chests and additional features such as auto-refill, password-protected chests, and more.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-2.
  * [Download Version 1.3.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/qqdffp.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/Zaicon/InfiniteChestsV3)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Zaicon/InfiniteChestsV3)
* ZAdminCmds
  * Zaicon's ZAdminCmds updated to 1.4. (https://github.com/Zaicon/ZAdminCmds)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/gvqzxu.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/ZAdminCmds)
* AdvancedWarpplates
  * Rofle's AdvancedWarpplates but actually including a build in the repo. (https://github.com/popstarfreas/AdvancedWarpplates)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/5evaiv.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/AdvancedWarpplates)
* ShortCommands
  * Zaicon's ShortCommands updated to 1.4. (https://github.com/Zaicon/ShortCommands)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/3wdlk7.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/ShortCommands)
* CloneNotify
  * Zaicon's CloneNotify updated to 1.4. (https://github.com/Zaicon/CloneNotify)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/sqq56g.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/CloneNotify)
* CustomMediumcore by Miffyli
  * Ease Mediumcore by selecting which items are dropped upon death.
  * Requirements: Server-side characters enabled. Players must have "Casual" difficulty.
  * Place `drop_item_ids.txt` next to `TerrariaServer.exe`.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-3.
  * [Download Version 1.4.0.1](https://files.catbox.moe/2tplf7.zip)
  * [Source code and documentation](https://github.com/Miffyli/TerrariaCustomMediumcore)
* Tiled by thanatos-tshock
  * Provides alternate tile implementations which improve performance and memory usage
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-3.
  * [Download Version 1.4.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/qmcthi.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/thanatos-tshock/Tiled)
* FACommands by MineBartekSA
  * Originally created by Hiarni & Zaicon
  * Fun and Admin Commands
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12.
  * [Download Version 1.7.1](https://files.catbox.moe/elsv0g.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/MineBartekSA/FACommands)
* [Terracord](https://github.com/FragLand/terracord) by [ldilley](https://github.com/ldilley)
  * A Discord <-> Terraria bridge plugin for TShock
  * Tested on TShock 4.5.1.
  * [Download Version 1.3.0](https://files.catbox.moe/lxcqqy.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/FragLand/terracord/blob/master/.github/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/FragLand/terracord)
* TerraJump by MineBartekSA
  * Simple plugin that adds JumpPads
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Download Version 2.3.1](https://files.catbox.moe/oc1a1a.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/MineBartekSA/TerraJump)
* [Invincible Tiles (and walls)](https://github.com/Olink/Invincible-Tiles) by Olink
  * Adds the ability for players to blacklist tile ids and wall ids, preventing users from breaking said tiles/walls.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-6.
  * [Download Version 1.0](https://files.catbox.moe/35914m.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Olink/Invincible-Tiles)
* [TServerWeb - Online Server Manager for TShock](https://www.tserverweb.com/) by XGhozt
  * Manage your TShock server from the web, run commands, manage players, groups, permissions and more.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-7.
  * Addon: [TServerWeb In-Game Vote Plugin](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/TSWVote/raw/master/Build/TSWVote.dll) / [Source Code](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/TSWVote)
  * Addon: [TServerWeb Remote Console](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/tswconsole/raw/master/Build/TSWConsole.dll) / [Source Code](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/tswconsole)
  * [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/s63fqsW)
* Vanillafier
  * Sets up your server to run like the vanilla Terraria server in 1 easy command
  * Built on TShock 4.5.0
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/cy8sca.zip)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/Pryaxis/Vanillafier)
* [Creative Mode](https://tshock.co/xf/index.php?resources/creative-mode.19/) by Bippity
  * A simple "Creative Mode" for players
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-8
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/tkfyvq.dll)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/bippity/CreativeMode)
* [TDiffBackup](https://github.com/tieonlinux/TDiffBackup) by [tieonlinux](https://github.com/tieonlinux)
  * World file backup system
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/f8axjx.zip)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/tieonlinux/TDiffBackup)
* [ShortCommands](https://github.com/tieonlinux/ShortCommands) by [Zaicon](https://github.com/Zaicon), updated by [tieonlinux](https://github.com/tieonlinux)
  * Create commands aliases/shortcuts
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/isj2rw.zip)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/tieonlinux/ShortCommands)
* [Team Commands](https://github.com/ZakFahey/Team-Commands) by GameRoom
  * Run commands for a whole team.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-8
  * [Download Version 1.2](https://files.catbox.moe/8mlw7v.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/ZakFahey/Team-Commands/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/ZakFahey/Team-Commands)
* [Smart Regions](https://github.com/ZakFahey/SmartRegions) by GameRoom
  * Run programmable commands when a player is in a region.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-8
  * [Download Version 1.2.1](https://files.catbox.moe/ycxf8h.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/ZakFahey/SmartRegions/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/ZakFahey/SmartRegions)
* [Normal Boss Bags](https://github.com/Quinci135/NormalBossBags) by Quinci
  * Makes normal mode bosses drop treasure bags as if it were expert mode
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12
  * [Download Version 1.0](https://files.catbox.moe/647789.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Quinci135/NormalBossBags)
* [AFK Warp/Kick Plugin](https://tshock.co/xf/index.php?resources/afk-warp-kick.104/) by Bippity
  * Idle players will be warped/kicked after a defined time
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12
  * [Download Version 1.1](https://files.catbox.moe/bmm85t.zip)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/bippity/AFK)
* [Buff Emoticons](https://github.com/Dylanswaggerino/Buff-Emotions) by The Killer [NL]
  * Gives the user a in-game buff for 46 seconds!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Download Version 2.1](https://files.catbox.moe/ta8nc9.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/Dylanswaggerino/Buff-Emotions/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Dylanswaggerino/Buff-Emotions)

  
### Community Maintained Plugins 
* [AutoRegister](https://github.com/moisterrific/TShockAutoRegister) by [brian91292](https://github.com/brian91292), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Automatically register new users on SSC enabled servers.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/819j8p.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/moisterrific/TShockAutoRegister)
* [Calculator](https://github.com/edg-l/Calculator) by [edg-l](https://github.com/edg-l)
  * A calculator plugin.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download 1.0.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/nkieg4.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/edg-l/Calculator)
* [PlayerInfo](https://github.com/Brycey92/PlayerInfo/tree/terraria-1.4) by [ParadonX](https://github.com/ParadonX), updated by [Brycey92](https://github.com/Brycey92)
  * A player info modifier/checker.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download 1.8](https://files.catbox.moe/fwqfl5.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Brycey92/PlayerInfo/tree/terraria-1.4)
* [SummonLimit](https://github.com/moisterrific/SummonLimit) by [Newy](https://github.com/newyrose), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Prevents summon hacking.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/mr52x7.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/moisterrific/SummonLimit)
* [TshockLogs_Explosives](https://github.com/moisterrific/TshockLogs_Explosives) by [slzn](https://github.com/slzn), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Helps to track explosives(Bomb, Dynamite, etc... ) usage.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/flnmuh.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/moisterrific/TshockLogs_Explosives#config)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/slzn/TshockLogs_Explosives)
* [WorldEdit](https://github.com/Brycey92/WorldEdit)
  * Adds mass tile editing commands.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download 1.8.0](https://files.catbox.moe/2h14dl.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Brycey92/WorldEdit)
* [RodHealer](https://github.com/ancientgods/RodHealer) by [ancientgods](https://github.com/ancientgods), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Prevents players from losing HP when spamming the Rod of Discord.
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 1.2.0](https://files.catbox.moe/gocgdm.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/moisterrific/RodHealer/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/moisterrific/RodHealer/blob/master/Rodhealer/main.cs)
* [Ghost](https://github.com/DannyDan77/Ghost) by [DannyDan77](https://github.com/DannyDan77), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Allows admins to become invisible to other players.
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 1.2.0](https://files.catbox.moe/wua495.zip)
  * [Documentation (pls read!)](https://github.com/moisterrific/Ghost/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/moisterrific/Ghost/blob/master/GhostPlugin/GhostPlugin.cs)
* [Character Reset [SSC]](https://github.com/bippity/CharacterReset) by [Bippity](https://github.com/bippity), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Allows you to reset SSC player data without the hassle of database editing. 
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 2.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/mbqvez.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/moisterrific/CharacterReset2/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/moisterrific/CharacterReset2/tree/master/CharacterResetTest1/CharacterResetTest1)
* [World Refill](https://github.com/k0rd/WorldRefill) by [K0rd](https://github.com/k0rd), updated by [Illuminousity](https://github.com/Illuminousity)
  * Refill your world with structures and resources!
  * Built and tested on Tshock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 2.1.3](https://files.catbox.moe/3fdrrv.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/Illuminousity/WorldRefill/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/Illuminousity/WorldRefill)
* [Auto Team](https://github.com/dredhorse/tShockAutoTeam) by Don Redhorse
   * Joins the players to a team based on permissions
   * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12.
   * [Download Version 1.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/1ouznb.dll)
   * [Documentation and SourceCode](https://github.com/dredhorse/tShockAutoTeam)
* [TShockPrometheus](https://github.com/swantzter/tshock-prometheus) by [Swantzter](https://github.com/swantzter)
  * Exposes the current player count on the server to prometheus
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Download Version 1.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/lfi2sm.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/swantzter/tshock-prometheus)
* [TShock Server REST Mobile](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest) by [647](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian)
  * Manage players/users, bans, world, groups and server directly from your mobile device.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Android APKs](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest_client/tags) (iOS Should build directly from MacOS using Flutter SDK and XCode installed)
  * [Source code Flutter App](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest_client)
  * [Source code Dart Wrapper (Doc)](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest)
* [Essentials+](https://github.com/QuiCM/EssentialsPlus) by [QuiCM](https://github.com/QuiCM) (and various others <3)
  * Compatible with TShock v4.5.x
  * Numerous 'essential' tools for enhancing gameplay & administration capabilities
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/2z23s9.dll)
  * [Source](https://github.com/QuiCM/EssentialsPlus)
----

## How to submit plugins

1. Compile your plugin as normal.
2. Upload your release and any resources you need to [Catbox](https://catbox.moe/). This will be the download link for your plugin.
3. Upload the source code to your plugin to GitHub. You do **not** need to make your source a copyleft license (like GPL) or even make it anything other than proprietary.
4. Copy the template below and add in the required things in the required spots.
5. Send a pull request to this repository. Add your plugin to the list above near the other plugins.
6. Don't remove anything that isn't yours and don't change anything you didn't already add.
7. When your plugin is approved, it will be added to the list.
8. When you need to update your plugin, change the version number or other attributes, upload to [Catbox](https://catbox.moe/), and then re-submit your plugin.

This is the sample template:

```
* [My cool plugin](https://example.com/your-github-or-project-homepage-goes-here) by aMoka
  * Adds the ability for players to ship other players. Does fancy stuff. Amazing!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-2.
  * [Download Version 1.2.3](https://example.com/your-catbox-link-goes-here)
  * [Documentation](https://example.com/get-help)
  * [Source code](https://example.com/github.com/stuff/whatever)
```

Maybe you just don't want to provide much. In that case, the minimum stuff that you need to provide is this:

```
* My cool plugin by aMoka
  * Adds the ability for players to ship other players. Does fancy stuff. Amazing!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-2.
  * [Download Version 1.2.3](https://example.com/your-catbox-link-goes-here)
  * [Source code](https://example.com/github.com/stuff/whatever)
```

You can add anything on top of the template that you want within reason. Your Discord server, Instagram profile, or whatever else are all acceptable.

The one thing you cannot do is link to a non-Catbox download link. It's fine if you offer downloads somewhere else too (and you can link to the list of those downloads), but you need to have a catbox link here that goes directly to something someone can install.

### What if plugin reviews are taking forever?
If your plugin hasn't been reviewed in 1 day (give or take a few hours), please send a message to particles#0015 in Discord and a message to argo@hey.com. You will either get $10 US or a Discord Nitro subscription as reward for being significantly delayed.

### Changes

These are the changes made to this page that aren't really plugin related.

1. Created system for submitting plugins. - May 18, 2020.
2. Updated system to include TShock test version. - May 18, 2020.
3. Add slow plugin review scheme. - June 18, 2020.

### Final note

We will probably add categories when we get more than 5 plugins to help people sort through them. You can also tag your plugins on GitHub with the `tshock` tag or the `tshock-plugin` tag or the `terraria` tag.

Commit message:

Remove slow scheme for multi-plugin PRs
Only one plugin per PR can be eligible for the slow scheme.

README.md, after:

﻿<p align="center">
  <img src="https://tshock.co/newlogo.png" alt="TShock for Terraria"><br />
  <a href="https://github.com/TShock/TShock">
    Main Project
  </a>
</p>

This is the TShock plugin repository. It collects links to all plugins in the ecosystem, and whether or not they're updated, and what they do. The plugin download links here have been looked over by TShock team members and are probably okay to run. Even still, you should always be skeptical about downloading and running things from the Internet.

----

## List of all plugins! 🧪☕️⚡️

* [AdditionalPylons](https://github.com/Adventure-Terraria-Server-Project/AdditionalPylons-Plugin) by [Stealownz](https://github.com/Stealownz)
  * Allows placing additional (infinite) pylons more than default Terraria limits
  * Tested on TShock 4.5.2
  * [Download Version 1.0.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/2gsl9n.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Adventure-Terraria-Server-Project/AdditionalPylons)
* Buildmode by nyan-ko & Nova4334
  * Allows players to enter a permaday state without cave backgrounds, adds buffs & more!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 pre-15
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/lzbw31.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Nova4334/Buildmode)
* MapTP by Nova4334
  * Allows players to teleport to any location on the map, by simply double clicking said location!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 pre-15
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/8cdd3x.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Nova4334/MapTP)
* JourneyMixer
  * Allows journey mode characters to join a non journey mode world and now visa versa.
  * Tested on prerelease 15.
  * Source https://github.com/Rustly/JourneyMixer
  * Download https://files.catbox.moe/d9r1jr.dll
* InfiniteChestsV3 by Zaicon
  * Allows "infinite" chests and additional features such as auto-refill, password-protected chests, and more.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-2.
  * [Download Version 1.3.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/qqdffp.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/Zaicon/InfiniteChestsV3)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Zaicon/InfiniteChestsV3)
* ZAdminCmds
  * Zaicon's ZAdminCmds updated to 1.4. (https://github.com/Zaicon/ZAdminCmds)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/gvqzxu.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/ZAdminCmds)
* AdvancedWarpplates
  * Rofle's AdvancedWarpplates but actually including a build in the repo. (https://github.com/popstarfreas/AdvancedWarpplates)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/5evaiv.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/AdvancedWarpplates)
* ShortCommands
  * Zaicon's ShortCommands updated to 1.4. (https://github.com/Zaicon/ShortCommands)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/3wdlk7.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/ShortCommands)
* CloneNotify
  * Zaicon's CloneNotify updated to 1.4. (https://github.com/Zaicon/CloneNotify)
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-10.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/sqq56g.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Rustly/CloneNotify)
* CustomMediumcore by Miffyli
  * Ease Mediumcore by selecting which items are dropped upon death.
  * Requirements: Server-side characters enabled. Players must have "Casual" difficulty.
  * Place `drop_item_ids.txt` next to `TerrariaServer.exe`.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-3.
  * [Download Version 1.4.0.1](https://files.catbox.moe/2tplf7.zip)
  * [Source code and documentation](https://github.com/Miffyli/TerrariaCustomMediumcore)
* Tiled by thanatos-tshock
  * Provides alternate tile implementations which improve performance and memory usage
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-3.
  * [Download Version 1.4.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/qmcthi.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/thanatos-tshock/Tiled)
* FACommands by MineBartekSA
  * Originally created by Hiarni & Zaicon
  * Fun and Admin Commands
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12.
  * [Download Version 1.7.1](https://files.catbox.moe/elsv0g.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/MineBartekSA/FACommands)
* [Terracord](https://github.com/FragLand/terracord) by [ldilley](https://github.com/ldilley)
  * A Discord <-> Terraria bridge plugin for TShock
  * Tested on TShock 4.5.1.
  * [Download Version 1.3.0](https://files.catbox.moe/lxcqqy.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/FragLand/terracord/blob/master/.github/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/FragLand/terracord)
* TerraJump by MineBartekSA
  * Simple plugin that adds JumpPads
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Download Version 2.3.1](https://files.catbox.moe/oc1a1a.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/MineBartekSA/TerraJump)
* [Invincible Tiles (and walls)](https://github.com/Olink/Invincible-Tiles) by Olink
  * Adds the ability for players to blacklist tile ids and wall ids, preventing users from breaking said tiles/walls.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-6.
  * [Download Version 1.0](https://files.catbox.moe/35914m.dll)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Olink/Invincible-Tiles)
* [TServerWeb - Online Server Manager for TShock](https://www.tserverweb.com/) by XGhozt
  * Manage your TShock server from the web, run commands, manage players, groups, permissions and more.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-7.
  * Addon: [TServerWeb In-Game Vote Plugin](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/TSWVote/raw/master/Build/TSWVote.dll) / [Source Code](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/TSWVote)
  * Addon: [TServerWeb Remote Console](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/tswconsole/raw/master/Build/TSWConsole.dll) / [Source Code](https://gitlab.xghozt.com:2345/tsw/tswconsole)
  * [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/s63fqsW)
* Vanillafier
  * Sets up your server to run like the vanilla Terraria server in 1 easy command
  * Built on TShock 4.5.0
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/cy8sca.zip)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/Pryaxis/Vanillafier)
* [Creative Mode](https://tshock.co/xf/index.php?resources/creative-mode.19/) by Bippity
  * A simple "Creative Mode" for players
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-8
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/tkfyvq.dll)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/bippity/CreativeMode)
* [TDiffBackup](https://github.com/tieonlinux/TDiffBackup) by [tieonlinux](https://github.com/tieonlinux)
  * World file backup system
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/f8axjx.zip)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/tieonlinux/TDiffBackup)
* [ShortCommands](https://github.com/tieonlinux/ShortCommands) by [Zaicon](https://github.com/Zaicon), updated by [tieonlinux](https://github.com/tieonlinux)
  * Create commands aliases/shortcuts
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/isj2rw.zip)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/tieonlinux/ShortCommands)
* [Team Commands](https://github.com/ZakFahey/Team-Commands) by GameRoom
  * Run commands for a whole team.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-8
  * [Download Version 1.2](https://files.catbox.moe/8mlw7v.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/ZakFahey/Team-Commands/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/ZakFahey/Team-Commands)
* [Smart Regions](https://github.com/ZakFahey/SmartRegions) by GameRoom
  * Run programmable commands when a player is in a region.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-8
  * [Download Version 1.2.1](https://files.catbox.moe/ycxf8h.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/ZakFahey/SmartRegions/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/ZakFahey/SmartRegions)
* [Normal Boss Bags](https://github.com/Quinci135/NormalBossBags) by Quinci
  * Makes normal mode bosses drop treasure bags as if it were expert mode
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12
  * [Download Version 1.0](https://files.catbox.moe/647789.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Quinci135/NormalBossBags)
* [AFK Warp/Kick Plugin](https://tshock.co/xf/index.php?resources/afk-warp-kick.104/) by Bippity
  * Idle players will be warped/kicked after a defined time
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12
  * [Download Version 1.1](https://files.catbox.moe/bmm85t.zip)
  * [Documentation/Source Code](https://github.com/bippity/AFK)
* [Buff Emoticons](https://github.com/Dylanswaggerino/Buff-Emotions) by The Killer [NL]
  * Gives the user a in-game buff for 46 seconds!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Download Version 2.1](https://files.catbox.moe/ta8nc9.dll)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/Dylanswaggerino/Buff-Emotions/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Dylanswaggerino/Buff-Emotions)

  
### Community Maintained Plugins 
* [AutoRegister](https://github.com/moisterrific/TShockAutoRegister) by [brian91292](https://github.com/brian91292), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Automatically register new users on SSC enabled servers.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/819j8p.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/moisterrific/TShockAutoRegister)
* [Calculator](https://github.com/edg-l/Calculator) by [edg-l](https://github.com/edg-l)
  * A calculator plugin.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download 1.0.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/nkieg4.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/edg-l/Calculator)
* [PlayerInfo](https://github.com/Brycey92/PlayerInfo/tree/terraria-1.4) by [ParadonX](https://github.com/ParadonX), updated by [Brycey92](https://github.com/Brycey92)
  * A player info modifier/checker.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download 1.8](https://files.catbox.moe/fwqfl5.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Brycey92/PlayerInfo/tree/terraria-1.4)
* [SummonLimit](https://github.com/moisterrific/SummonLimit) by [Newy](https://github.com/newyrose), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Prevents summon hacking.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/mr52x7.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/moisterrific/SummonLimit)
* [TshockLogs_Explosives](https://github.com/moisterrific/TshockLogs_Explosives) by [slzn](https://github.com/slzn), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Helps to track explosives(Bomb, Dynamite, etc... ) usage.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/flnmuh.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/moisterrific/TshockLogs_Explosives#config)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/slzn/TshockLogs_Explosives)
* [WorldEdit](https://github.com/Brycey92/WorldEdit)
  * Adds mass tile editing commands.
  * Built on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download 1.8.0](https://files.catbox.moe/2h14dl.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/Brycey92/WorldEdit)
* [RodHealer](https://github.com/ancientgods/RodHealer) by [ancientgods](https://github.com/ancientgods), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Prevents players from losing HP when spamming the Rod of Discord.
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 1.2.0](https://files.catbox.moe/gocgdm.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/moisterrific/RodHealer/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/moisterrific/RodHealer/blob/master/Rodhealer/main.cs)
* [Ghost](https://github.com/DannyDan77/Ghost) by [DannyDan77](https://github.com/DannyDan77), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Allows admins to become invisible to other players.
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 1.2.0](https://files.catbox.moe/wua495.zip)
  * [Documentation (pls read!)](https://github.com/moisterrific/Ghost/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/moisterrific/Ghost/blob/master/GhostPlugin/GhostPlugin.cs)
* [Character Reset [SSC]](https://github.com/bippity/CharacterReset) by [Bippity](https://github.com/bippity), updated by [moisterrific](https://github.com/moisterrific)
  * Allows you to reset SSC player data without the hassle of database editing. 
  * Built and tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 2.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/mbqvez.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/moisterrific/CharacterReset2/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/moisterrific/CharacterReset2/tree/master/CharacterResetTest1/CharacterResetTest1)
* [World Refill](https://github.com/k0rd/WorldRefill) by [K0rd](https://github.com/k0rd), updated by [Illuminousity](https://github.com/Illuminousity)
  * Refill your world with structures and resources!
  * Built and tested on Tshock 4.4.0 Pre-11.
  * [Download Version 2.1.3](https://files.catbox.moe/3fdrrv.zip)
  * [Documentation](https://github.com/Illuminousity/WorldRefill/blob/master/README.md)
  * [Source Code](https://github.com/Illuminousity/WorldRefill)
* [Auto Team](https://github.com/dredhorse/tShockAutoTeam) by Don Redhorse
   * Joins the players to a team based on permissions
   * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-12.
   * [Download Version 1.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/1ouznb.dll)
   * [Documentation and SourceCode](https://github.com/dredhorse/tShockAutoTeam)
* [TShockPrometheus](https://github.com/swantzter/tshock-prometheus) by [Swantzter](https://github.com/swantzter)
  * Exposes the current player count on the server to prometheus
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Download Version 1.0.0](https://files.catbox.moe/lfi2sm.zip)
  * [Source code](https://github.com/swantzter/tshock-prometheus)
* [TShock Server REST Mobile](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest) by [647](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian)
  * Manage players/users, bans, world, groups and server directly from your mobile device.
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-15.
  * [Android APKs](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest_client/tags) (iOS Should build directly from MacOS using Flutter SDK and XCode installed)
  * [Source code Flutter App](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest_client)
  * [Source code Dart Wrapper (Doc)](https://github.com/KohlsAdrian/tshock_server_rest)
* [Essentials+](https://github.com/QuiCM/EssentialsPlus) by [QuiCM](https://github.com/QuiCM) (and various others <3)
  * Compatible with TShock v4.5.x
  * Numerous 'essential' tools for enhancing gameplay & administration capabilities
  * [Download](https://files.catbox.moe/2z23s9.dll)
  * [Source](https://github.com/QuiCM/EssentialsPlus)
----

## How to submit plugins

1. Compile your plugin as normal.
2. Upload your release and any resources you need to [Catbox](https://catbox.moe/). This will be the download link for your plugin.
3. Upload the source code to your plugin to GitHub. You do **not** need to make your source a copyleft license (like GPL) or even make it anything other than proprietary.
4. Copy the template below and add in the required things in the required spots.
5. Send a pull request to this repository. Add your plugin to the list above near the other plugins.
6. Don't remove anything that isn't yours and don't change anything you didn't already add.
7. When your plugin is approved, it will be added to the list.
8. When you need to update your plugin, change the version number or other attributes, upload to [Catbox](https://catbox.moe/), and then re-submit your plugin.

This is the sample template:

```
* [My cool plugin](https://example.com/your-github-or-project-homepage-goes-here) by aMoka
  * Adds the ability for players to ship other players. Does fancy stuff. Amazing!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-2.
  * [Download Version 1.2.3](https://example.com/your-catbox-link-goes-here)
  * [Documentation](https://example.com/get-help)
  * [Source code](https://example.com/github.com/stuff/whatever)
```

Maybe you just don't want to provide much. In that case, the minimum stuff that you need to provide is this:

```
* My cool plugin by aMoka
  * Adds the ability for players to ship other players. Does fancy stuff. Amazing!
  * Tested on TShock 4.4.0 Pre-2.
  * [Download Version 1.2.3](https://example.com/your-catbox-link-goes-here)
  * [Source code](https://example.com/github.com/stuff/whatever)
```

You can add anything on top of the template that you want within reason. Your Discord server, Instagram profile, or whatever else are all acceptable.

The one thing you cannot do is link to a non-Catbox download link. It's fine if you offer downloads somewhere else too (and you can link to the list of those downloads), but you need to have a catbox link here that goes directly to something someone can install.

### What if plugin reviews are taking forever?
If your plugin hasn't been reviewed in 1 day (give or take a few hours), please send a message to particles#0015 in Discord and a message to argo@hey.com. You will either get $10 US or a Discord Nitro subscription as reward for being significantly delayed. This offer only applies if you are not a TShock collaborator and if the pull-request contains only one plugin change. Please expect a response time of one day per plugin.

### Changes

These are the changes made to this page that aren't really plugin related.

1. Created system for submitting plugins. - May 18, 2020.
2. Updated system to include TShock test version. - May 18, 2020.
3. Add slow plugin review scheme. - June 18, 2020.
4. Plugin slowness scheme revised to require one plugin per PR to be elligable. - May 28, 2021

### Final note

We will probably add categories when we get more than 5 plugins to help people sort through them. You can also tag your plugins on GitHub with the `tshock` tag or the `tshock-plugin` tag or the `terraria` tag.
